how's everyone doing this is my entry
into Chris blue double-oh-seven s400
subscriber giveaway contest and first
off congratulations with 400 scribers
that's frickin awesome you're awesome
love your videos definitely go check out
his channel link will be down below he
does DVD blu-ray updates all I got good
stuff unboxings check him out and he
wanted to know what your favorite movie
memorabilia or addition is he said it
could be anything really you know your
favorite movie favorite enough standard
blu-ray or DVD or favorite edition or if
you have a toy or basically anything so
it has a pretty broad spectrum that you
can choose from now you mentioned a
favorite steelbook i'm going to show you
my favorite steelbook it's actually a
metal path but i kind of group them all
together and that would be the 30 days
of night spanish blood packs skill book
or metal pack right there and it still
retained a lot of its blood a lot of the
you know these things with the blood and
then it tries up usually but this one
still has a lot of the blood right there
can you see that but I love this movie I
love this edition if you want to check
out my unboxing idea of this click right
here it's friggin sweet it's one of the
harder ones to get my opinion I don't
think I've seen anybody else on here
with it and I really love this movie as
well one of my favorite vampire movies
of all time now probably my top five
favorite vampire movies of all time I'd
be doing a top 10 list of my favorite
vampire movies coming up soon as well
for this place just it's really good i
love that the fact that's in Alaska I
can't believe nobody used that before
where it's like dark 30 days and you
know the blood really pops on the snow
when you see it and had some really
eerie and creepy scenes to it as well
definitely loved the movie i highly
recommend the movie if you haven't seen
it 30 days of night check it out it's
very unique I love steal books and metal
packs in general and this one in
particular is even more unique with the
blood Spain has some really awesome
metal packs which we just fly down to
spange grabbed up all the metal packs
the one that I want to get the most is
the thing one has like a blue liquid in
there I love you know John Carpenter
sting one of my all-time favorite movies
and that addition just looks so awesome
but I can't ever find I found it like
once and it was like a Spanish door they
wanted ship to the US so but there he
goes my favorite still book / metal pack
i er pack all those kind of additions
there you go now i am going to show you
another piece of movie memorabilia that
I have and it's right here it's a
Mexican lobby card of earth vs. the
flying saucers signed by Ray Harryhausen
you see that right there to the
signature I just freaking i love this
when i saw as i had to get it if it's
very unique I like that it's in Mexican
just adds a little bit extra to it very
unique and the colors are very vibrant
as well it's signed by Ray Harryhausen
the legend I loved his films growing up
that stop-motion special effects Jason
verse the Argonauts that the skeleton
scene was friggin awesome I just love
that like science fiction fantasy movies
that's what I grew up on a lot of those
be movies and stuff like that as well I
love those growing up as a kid he also
did 7th voyage of Sinbad and clash of
the titans as well I think those are
more those ones are two pretty big ones
for him as well there's just so many the
name and when I saw this this is just
like a once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing
and I had to get it so happy to get it I
am gonna get it framed so you know it's
gonna look all nice and cool and I love
it but he's just a master in the visual
effects in stop-motion feel he just
revolutionized that really he's an icon
and just awesome so there you go i
showed you my favorite a steelbook /
metal peck and my favorite piece of
movie memorabilia so there either is my
entry into the contest and good luck to
everybody that enters deadly go check
out chris blue double-oh-seven very
awesome channel and videos link will be
down below and i hope everybody's doing
well take care